Did you hear?
This was driven by the second young master of the Lu family himself
Could he be the daughter that the Lu family just recognized?
Then we have to please him
Who allowed you to whisper here during working hours?
Where did the country girl come from?
It's your turn to take care of us
How dare you scold me?
I am the daughter of the Lu family
Be careful, I'll ask my brother to fire you immediately.
You are also worthy of impersonating the daughter of the Lu family
The real daughter of the Lu family has already entered
Don't humiliate yourself with your fake
Ah!
I want to see who dares to stand up to the sky
Site found never intrusive